
HLD : Design competition submission application.
PS  : 1. If a ball is dropped from root of binary tree, and each node can toggle left right alternatively, figure out which
         leaf node it will land.
      2. Design a library search mechanism  (B+ trees and Tries)

Context
Dynamic menu cards are just like any other menu card that displays dishes offered by the restaurants. Restaurants’ owners are looking for a dynamic menu card instead of traditional static menu cards. Customers can choose any item from the menu card, whereas items can be prepared only if required ingredients for the selected dish are available in that restaurant.
Restaurants’ owners don't want to disappoint their customers by cancelling an already placed order. Instead if it can’t be prepared due to unavailability of required ingredients, the item should not be displayed in the menu card itself.
Requirements
Dynamic menu cards should support the following functionalities.
API to add ingredients with quantity.
API to add dishes with required ingredients. Dishes can be added without availability of the ingredients but should not display in the menu card until the ingredient is available.
API to fetch menu cards with the available dishes.
API to order dishes in one or more quantities. You can assume the api will accept only one type of dish for a single order.
API to get available ingredients with respective quantities.
API should do the validation. For example: If X quantity of a dish d1 can be prepared with available ingredients, and a customer is placing an order for Y quantity (Y > X), the order should be failed with a proper message stating only X qty is available for the selected dish.
If an ingredient is common between two dishes and only one of the dishes can be prepared with the available ingredients. Customers should be able to book any of the dishes. Though once the order is placed for any of the dishes both the dishes should be unavailable from the menu card. For example: Dishes D1 and D2 require 1 quantity of  ingredients I1, the menu should display both the dish D1 and D2. As soon as one of the dishes is being ordered both the dishes should be removed from the menu. (Assuming there is only one quantity of ingredient I1 available in the restaurant.
Bonus:
If only one quantity of a dish can be prepared with available ingredients. And two customers are trying to book this dish. Only one order should succeed whereas the other should fail with a proper error message. (There should be a unit test case to verify concurrency is being handled properly)
Solve it for, if one dish requires more than 1 type of ingredients.
Assumptions:
You can assume one dish required only 1 type of ingredients though the quantity of ingredient would differ as per the dish.
Guidelines
Please discuss the solution with an interviewer
Please do not access internet for anything EXCEPT syntax
You are free to use the language of your choice
All code should be your own
Please focus on the Bonus questions only after ensuring the required features are complete and demoable.
Expectations
We are not expecting you to write REST API or create UI. It's just a functional APIs are expected here.
Create the sample data yourself. You can put it into a file, test case or main driver program itself.
Code should be demo-able. Either by using a main driver program or test cases.
Code should be modular. Code should have basic OO design. Please do not jam the responsibilities of one class into another.
Code should be extensible. Wherever applicable, use interfaxces and contracts between different methods. It should be easy to add/remove functionality without re-writing the entire codebase.
Code should handle edge cases properly and fail gracefully.
Code should be legible, readable and DRY
Sample test cases:
I/P
	Add ingredients 3
	I1 2 <Ingredient name, Ingredient quantity>
	I2 2
I3 1
O/P
	Ingredient(s) added

I/P
	Add dishes 4
	D1 I1 2 <Dish name, Ingredient name, Ingredient quantity>
D2 I1 1
D3 I2 2
D4 I3 1
O/P
	Dishes added
I/P
GetMenu
O/P
	Available dishes
	D1
	D2
	D3
	D4
I/P
	Order D1 1 <Dish name, Quantity>
O/P
	Order placed successfully
I/P
	GetMenu
O/P
	Dishes
	D3
	D4
I/P
	Order D3 2
O/P
	Couldn’t place your order, only 1 qty of D3 is available.
I/P
	Get Ingredients
O/P
	IngredientName 	Quantity
I2 			2
I3 			1

